Bank Application
Overview
The Bank Application is a comprehensive platform designed to facilitate various banking operations for customers, employees, and administrators. This application ensures a seamless experience for users to manage their accounts, process transactions, and handle loan requests efficiently.

Features
User Authentication: Secure login functionality tailored for different user roles including customers, employees, and administrators.
Account Management: Customers can view their account details, including account numbers, types, balances, and transaction history.
Loan Request Management: Customers can submit loan requests, which are then reviewed and processed by employees and administrators.
Approval Workflow: A robust approval system for loan requests, ensuring only authorized requests are processed.
Role-Based Access Control: Different features and menu items are accessible based on the user's role, providing a customized experience for each user type.
Installation
Clone the Repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/Ninzzzzz/SuBank.git
cd bank-application
Database Setup:

Ensure you have Oracle Database set up and running.
Import the provided SQL scripts to create the necessary tables and procedures.
Oracle APEX Setup:

Import the APEX application file into your Oracle APEX environment.
Configure the database connections and application settings as needed.
Usage
User Roles
Customer:

View account balances and transaction history.
Submit and track loan requests.
Access personalized banking services.
Employee:

Review and process customer loan requests.
Manage customer accounts and handle transactions.
Provide customer support and resolve issues.
Administrator:

Oversee all operations within the system.
Manage user roles, permissions, and system settings.
Generate reports and analytics on banking operations.
Key Workflows
View Account Details: Customers can log in to view their account balances, transaction history, and other account-related information.
Submit Loan Request: Customers can fill out a form to submit a loan request, specifying the loan amount and purpose.
Review and Approve Loan Requests: Employees and administrators review the submitted loan requests and approve or reject them based on predefined criteria.
Manage User Access: Administrators can manage user roles and permissions, ensuring secure and role-specific access to the application features.
